Hastings Hart: Hey? Don't know.
Sumner McCallie: You doing all right?
Hastings Hart: I'm doing good. How are you?
Sumner McCallie: I'm doing all right.
Sumner McCallie: We're in the process of moving.
Hastings Hart: Oh, wow!
Sumner McCallie: On canvas. So tomorrow the movers come so.
Hastings Hart: You're staying on. You're staying on campus just another.
Sumner McCallie: On campus. There's a there's a house that has opened up. That's it's stunningly gorgeous. I mean, it's 1 of those that we will never live in a house this nice
Sumner McCallie: I'm sure.
Hastings Hart: So.
Sumner McCallie: But it is. Yeah, it's it's really wonderful. So.
Hastings Hart: That's great. Well, hope it goes well. Moving is one of the most horrible things.
Sumner McCallie: Well, we'll say moving on campus is great. Because, hey, Eleanor, how are you?
Sumner McCallie: Hey? I think I got it.
Sumner McCallie: Yeah. Moving on campus is great.
Mel Cooper: Belle and I are going to actually sit together.
Sumner McCallie: Oh, wonderful!
Sumner McCallie: Oh, that's great! That's great! That makes perfect sense.
Mel Cooper: He's coming in a minute.
Sumner McCallie: Okay.
Mel Cooper: So so, Sumner thanks this so efficient, it told me right at the beginning. It's being recorded. It's going to be transcribed by AI.
Sumner McCallie: That's right. That's right.
Sumner McCallie: That'll include our conversation right now.
Hastings Hart: Oh!
Mel Cooper: Really oh dear!
Sumner McCallie: It's just that works. One of the things we've got it we're working on is with faculty parent conferences. What's been funny is we turn them on, and then we we set it so that the faculty member can just stay on as parents then cycle through but we've we're gonna have to turn off the the AI companion because I don't need everyone to be sent. Everyone's information.
Mel Cooper: Oh!
Sumner McCallie: So.
Mel Cooper: Will will the will it automatically send it to those on the.
Sumner McCallie: We can set it so. So we had to change our settings. We've changed it so that it automatically turns it off. You'd have to turn it on. I just don't think it's fair to parents, even if they don't know that it's happening. I want to be clear on that. But also. Yes, you can also set it so that it only sends to the host, or it sends to whoever else. So it's it was kind of funny, and what I can do at this point as well. Just so you have it. I can make both of you Co. Hosts
Sumner McCallie: on this as well, so that that way you'll get whatever is sent.
Mel Cooper: Oh, fantastic, great! Well, I I really feel
Mel Cooper: stupid and bad about last time, because that was such an important one to record.
Mel Cooper: I think we did get a recording. Finally, I mean.
Sumner McCallie: No, it did, it did, and it didn't seem to face Uncle Spencer at all. Me just.
Mel Cooper: Well, he's had knee surgery, so
Mel Cooper: he's been through a lot, and and I hope he'll be here today. But he may not. He wasn't feeling too good yesterday.
Sumner McCallie: Okay, we'll figure that out.
Sumner McCallie: and I'll just as people come on. I'll let them in and make sure they know that they're
Sumner McCallie: Hello, zoom user. There it is, I think.
Hastings Hart: One assumes it's a family member.
Mel Cooper: Zoom user, you need to click your microphone.
Sumner McCallie: Let us know who you are.
Sumner McCallie: I was, I was telling Hastings we're in the process of moving. So tomorrow is our move day on campus. There's a
Sumner McCallie: a house that's kind of a domino effect. Those houses come open. That we'll slide into, and then let someone slide into this house.
Sumner McCallie: so we've done all. If you were to look around, everything is in boxes, we have nothing. We we've actually had 2 or 3 days when the house was ready, but the moves couldn't happen because of the rain, which was great. So we have taken I don't know how many trips you know little Subaru. Back and forth, and back and forth, and back and forth.
Mel Cooper: Which house are you moving to?
Sumner McCallie: So it's it was one of the Bill Croft was in our Dean of Resident's life was in it as well most recently, and he's he's moving right across from us, where Kenny Scholl has been for a number of years, and it's a wonderful house. We will never live in a house, this nice ever again. It's it's the most amazing amazing thing it has.
Sumner McCallie: It was Redone, old 19 thirties, 19 twenties house, I think, and when it was Redone. It was Redone. Well, Bill Croft made sure that it it had all the the nice amenities, and so but it it'll be great with the the neatest thing for us is just having a room for each of the guys.
Zoom user: Hey!
Sumner McCallie: That's a great one. So, Uncle Franklin, how are you good to see you.
Zoom user: We're fine. Aunt Teresa's beside me.
Sumner McCallie: Hey! Wonderful!
Zoom user: She says, no, no, don't show me. Don't show me, I said. You're fine. Everybody want to see you, but
Zoom user: she's given me the order.
Sumner McCallie: Well, if it's a couple story at some point, we need to at least hear from her.
Zoom user: Oh, I've I've got
Zoom user: some stories, I truthfully. I really want to hear the younger people's stories. I've been telling mine for
Zoom user: 84 years time for you guys.
Sumner McCallie: Well, I hope I hope that Grady is able to jump on because Grady and Fawn met at a Pesticides conference, and I think that's the best.
Sumner McCallie: the best meeting place forever.
Mel Cooper: Have you encouraged him? Did you encourage him to.
Sumner McCallie: I did reach out. We do. Yeah, he'll he'll be able to or not. But I I was. I'm hopeful, but.
Mel Cooper: I wanted your mom and dad to be sure to jump on.
Sumner McCallie: I think their plan is to. I hope there is. Yeah.
Zoom user: At least, at least. Your Aunt Teresa's. Your Aunt Teresa and I met on a church bus
Zoom user: going going to Big Ridge State Park for a church week, ritual.
Sumner McCallie: Great! Isn't that nice?
Sumner McCallie: Very proper?
Zoom user: Did you? Did you meet Katie in Mongolia, or someplace like that?
Sumner McCallie: No, no, that's great. So I actually met Katie at habitat, who was connected with habitat. The story about Mongolia is that someone on the trip, said, Are you all getting married? And Katie said, Well, I have no idea, and I thought Well, I I thought we probably would, I mean.
Sumner McCallie: and once again clueless, just clueless in all this. So we we went on our honeymoon before before we were sort of formally engaged.
Zoom user: Somebody asked me at 16 if Teresa and I were getting married. I said, hell, yes, scare the.
Mel Cooper: I never agreed to that.
Ellen Cochrane: Got it.
Sumner McCallie: There's always a smart one in the pair.
Zoom user: You did originally agree to it, though. Right?
Zoom user: What?
Zoom user: You know, what? I'm getting her off this thing. This is bad.
Hastings Hart: Hey, l and d.
Ellen Cochrane: Yes, hi!
Sumner McCallie: Welcome! Welcome!
Hastings Hart: Yeah.
Ellen Cochrane: Thanks. I'd like your haircut, Eleanor.
Mel Cooper: To me.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah.
Mel Cooper: Oh, thank you, no, I have. I have a new haircutor.
Mel Cooper: and he's Iranian. Did you see my Facebook.
Ellen Cochrane: I did see that post, you know.
Mel Cooper: And he holds the razor, so I don't complain. I just say yes, yes, I really like it.
Ellen Cochrane: Mine uses scissors. Yeah, that that razor wouldn't.
Mel Cooper: It's a little. Hi, Joni!
Joanie's New iPad: Hi! Everybody! Happy Valentine's day.
Mel Cooper: That's right.
Mel Cooper: Snow out there in Denver.
Joanie's New iPad: It's melting. It's a sunny day today. We keep getting a little bit. The mountains were hammered, but Denver not so much so.
Joanie's New iPad: It's good we get, you know, an inch or 2 or 3, maybe.
Joanie's New iPad: So it's yeah. It's fine. It's fine, have you? Have you had bad weather? Have you all had really bad weather.
Mel Cooper: No.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh, good!
Sumner McCallie: But L and D, you all had some snow recently. Right? Yeah, we.
Ellen Cochrane: Just constantly.
Joanie's New iPad: Yeah.
Ellen Cochrane: Not a lot, I mean once was maybe about 6 inches 6 to 8. But now they're calling, starting on Tuesday, I think. Tuesday and Wednesday. Maybe up to a foot.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh, wow!
Joanie's New iPad: I I think you all are have gotten more snow than we have.
Joanie's New iPad: because every time I speak to Alison she complains that the kids are out of school.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah, it's been. It's been too much. And then also bitter cold.
Joanie's New iPad: Yes.
Ellen Cochrane: Like.
Ellen Cochrane: I go out only for groceries, and only if it's a real necessity.
Joanie's New iPad: Right? Right? Yeah. The the cold is, yeah.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah.
Joanie's New iPad: Have cold also, but not today.
Sumner McCallie: Hey, Wyatt, how are you?
Wyatt & Joanie: Hey! Let me get this. Let me get all adjusted. Here.
Sumner McCallie: Yeah.
Mel Cooper: You're mad, well adjusted. Why.
Joanie's New iPad: Hi.
Wyatt & Joanie: Yes, my wife tells me that frequently.
Ellen Cochrane: Well.
Joanie's New iPad: I don't think you're maladjusted. I think you're adjusted just well.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh.
Ellen Cochrane: Terry, Franklin.
Wyatt & Joanie: You, Franklin.
Ellen Cochrane: He's a cheerleader.
Wyatt & Joanie: I don't. You know. I don't see Franklin's picture online. Let's see, let me see what.
Zoom user: Well, here I am, here I am.
Joanie's New iPad: Do do. Gallery view Wyatt.
Wyatt & Joanie: Okay? Oh, there he is. Oh, I had a dialog box covering you up.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh!
Wyatt & Joanie: Oh, I love.
Ellen Cochrane: Look, normal.
Wyatt & Joanie: New look.
Ellen Cochrane: Hi mel.
Joanie's New iPad: Hi, Jim!
William Pressly: Hey! Everyone! Hi!
Mel Cooper: Hey? Nancy and Bill.
Joanie's New iPad: Hi! Presley's.
William Pressly: There we go, made it.
Zoom user: Hi! Presley's.
William Pressly: Good to see you.
Mel Cooper: Impressed you made it.
Mel Cooper: Do you have anything left in your house? We still see paintings on the wall, fan in the sky.
Jim McCallie: A fan. There's not very much here, it echoes.
Mel Cooper: Why don't you catch catch everybody up on.
William Pressly: Yeah, all the details. Yeah.
Jim McCallie: Well and about 10 days. We're gonna.
William Pressly: Did he.
Jim McCallie: We're gonna leave here. We're gonna visit Joanie and Wyatt in Denver. We're driving our car out to Salt Lake City. And I'm forcing. I'm forcing Paul, my son, to buy it.
Joanie's New iPad: He said, Dad, all my friends, their parents, give them their call.
Jim McCallie: Teaching you responsibility, Paul, and
Ellen Cochrane: That's his exam.
Jim McCallie: Yeah. Oh, did he pass? What was the question?
Ellen Cochrane: Has he passed his exam yet.
Jim McCallie: Yeah. He took his final Cpa exam. There's 4, and he passed it. And oh, wow!
Jim McCallie: He's got yeah. So.
Wyatt & Joanie: Why?
Jim McCallie: So that's that's pretty impressive.
Ellen Cochrane: It's very impressive.
Jim McCallie: And then we're gonna fly. We're gonna spend a week with Paul, and then we fly out March 10th to Austria and stay a week in Vienna, and then we're gonna go to Innsbruck, where we're gonna live
Jim McCallie: for indefinite amount of time.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh, really. So you're moving.
Jim McCallie: Oh, yeah, we're moving.
Jim McCallie: I I called.
Jim McCallie: This is my 1st death, because it's
Jim McCallie: as you all can imagine, and death. You don't take anything with you, and that's kind of what we're doing. We have really gotten rid of everything
Jim McCallie: no furniture is going with us plates, maybe a few plates, cooking pots. But other than that really no furniture whatsoever, no tools, no power tools any of that stuff. None of them are going with us, so we've had to get rid. That's what the owner, I think, is kind of referring to. We've had a a couple of sales on mostly for our church and for the neighborhood, and then marketplace
Jim McCallie: Facebook marketplace, but not too much on that.
Jim McCallie: And then yesterday we had for about 2 or 3 h. People come by mostly again from our church, and we just gave it away. I mean, you know, it's like you can take that or take that, or don't you need this? I have to admit when it's free. People have a lot a lot less inhibition to buy it.
Jim McCallie: Why.
Ellen Cochrane: Exactly.
Ellen Cochrane: That's what I've heard. That's how to have an estate sale.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, exactly.
Jim McCallie: So we're we're stripped down pretty much
Jim McCallie: pretty empty. We're at a dining.
Tom 4: Hello!
Jim McCallie: Now, which you can't see. But that's sold to our neighbors. The chairs are sold to someone else that we're sitting in now.
Jim McCallie: kind of amazing.
Ellen Cochrane: That is, I just I look around and I can't figure out where to begin how I'm going to do it. You know, I identify pieces of furniture that I would take.
Jim McCallie: Right.
Mel Cooper: Hey, Tom!
Ellen Cochrane: The only useful one is a bed, but I'm sorry.
Jim McCallie: Oh, I just.
Mel Cooper: Just welcoming Tom 4, and Tom 3, and Allison.
Mel Cooper: Charlie's here.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, Carly.
Zoom user: You know you would.
Tom 4: Hello, Buddy!
Zoom user: You were talking.
Mel Cooper: Hello!
Zoom user: Move trista.
Mel Cooper: How is it in Berlin?
Ellen Cochrane: Apparently you look so different.
Zoom user: Teresa and.
Tom 4: Yeah, no, I.
Zoom user: Teresa and I have never moved without a you won't.
Zoom user: Filled to the brim. Yeah, with everything we owned at that time.
Tom 4: I am.
Zoom user: Which means, on the other end you empty it and start again.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, no, it's tough.
Zoom user: It was. It wasn't fun every time.
Tom McCallie: Well, Jim solved that problem with an ocean.
Joanie's New iPad: Yeah.
Helen: Yeah. And Coca-cola's not paying to move you.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, that makes a huge difference.
Helen: Woo.
Jim McCallie: I was. I was telling people yesterday, I said, Yeah, when when a corporation moves you, it's very easy. They just come in and they move everything. And when we move from Zimbabwe to South Africa, they actually move the trash as well.
Jim McCallie: Oh, yeah, they packed that up. We were wondering what it was on the other end, and I realized they just packed up the whole trash can.
Jim McCallie: But yeah.
Mel Cooper: All right, Thomas. I'm gonna give you time. Now, how's Berlin?
Tom 4: Berlin is good. Yeah. Talking about moving. I also moved. Last month.
Jim McCallie: Yeah. Oh.
Tom 4: So I helped my parents in the middle of January with their move, doing doing whatever I was told to do. And then I came back, and I had 2 weeks until I do my own move.
Joanie's New iPad: Are you still in Berlin, Tom?
Helen: Debbie into a big place, or what.
Tom 4: Yeah. So in the same city I I had to move because the the lady I was renting from she kind of just had enough, just like it was too much effort for her.
Tom 4: and it was not possible for me to take over the contract. So I was forced out. Basically. And I had to find a new place. And I'm living in a different neighborhood and in a bigger apartment before I was living by myself in a
Tom 4: like 2 2 room apartment. And now I'm living with 2 people, and it's a 4 room apartment.
Tom 4: So it is bigger, and it is a lot more to do here, and I will have like one of the rooms in the studio. So it's it's definitely leveled up in regards to having a lot more space. I have to walk from one side of the apartment to the other. It takes a while, so that's a new feeling for me.
Helen: You like the people? Are they friends that you're living with? Or you just got mashed together.
Tom 4: No, no, it was I chose them so one of them is my girlfriend.
Tom 4: Oh, and.
Wyatt & Joanie: Choice.
Tom 4: And yeah. And then the other person is a friend, a mutual friend of ours.
Tom 4: who was living here already as well. So yeah.
Mel Cooper: So you and your girlfriend moved in with someone else. That's what it sounds like.
Tom 4: Well, she was. She's been living here the longest. She.
Mel Cooper: You don't.
Mel Cooper: Oh.
Tom 4: Okay, well, it's too late.
Mel Cooper: Yeah.
Tom 4: Well, I see. I see Becky and Megan.
Mel Cooper: Hello! Hello! Good to see y'all.
Becky & Megan: From snowy Boston.
Tom 4: And I thought you were going to be in DC. This weekend, Becky.
Becky & Megan: No, I think I have my dates mixed up. I was in DC. A couple of weeks ago for a good friend's 30th birthday, so that was fun.
Mel Cooper: Oh, well, good! We're glad you're both together. That's great.
Mel Cooper: that's great. Well, this this topic must have some appeal.
Mel Cooper: Oh, well, we'll any any other news to catch up on it. We'll wait just a few more minutes. Anybody else got some
Mel Cooper: reports.
Joanie's New iPad: Did we lose Jim?
Mel Cooper: No, he's still on. He's just got his picture up.
Mel Cooper: Maybe he's looking for Martina.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh, okay.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, I'm I'm we're still here. It's just we're eating, and no one likes to watch.
Ellen Cochrane: That's right.
William Pressly: Just a flight.
Wyatt & Joanie: And.
Helen: Mom, did you do the drawing of your father?
Jim McCallie: No, no, he did not. That comes from
Jim McCallie: Wall street journal. Anybody can actually have that done it's the typical all street Wall Street Journal style that they have, and you can send your photo in, and it comes back in about 30 seconds.
William Pressly: Oh, really.
Jim McCallie: Yeah.
Helen: It's wonderful.
Tom 4: Oh, are you talking about? Oh.
Tom 4: yeah, that's not a drawing, or that doesn't look like a drawing. That's why I was confused.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, it's not. It's I don't know what you call that, Tom. You can explain it. I don't know.
Helen: Huh!
David McCallie: It's an algorithm. It's it's just an algorithm that goes through your image and replaces
David McCallie: light and dark with patterns, little stipple patterns.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, okay.
David McCallie: It's cool.
Zoom user: Did that from the Wall Street Journal.
David McCallie: Yeah, they're famous for using those
David McCallie: little drawings of their of the authors of the articles, and I guess I didn't know that you could have it done
David McCallie: with your own photo. That's cool.
Jim McCallie: Yeah, you could tell everybody. It was when you wrote one of those famous editorials.
David McCallie: Infamous, infamous! Well.
Jim McCallie: Infamous, add a call.
Zoom user: I have written a couple, but they didn't make the Wall Journal.
McCallie’s: You were asking about news I'll I don't see any of that family represented here so or at least not directly
McCallie’s: breaking all sorts of hipaa rules. Spencer's in the hospital as of 2 o'clock this morning.
McCallie’s: Had Kathy called me at 1230, or something was having chills he's about 2 weeks out from having a knee replacement. I think it's been a pretty tough go of it, Franklin. Helen may know more, but
McCallie’s: uncontrolled chills turn out. He had a hundred 2 fever went to, so he's down at Erlanger. I haven't talked to Kathy since this morning they were in transition to a room. So I don't know if anybody knew that or everybody knew that. But
McCallie’s: be aware, be in your prayers be in your thoughts. I I guess he had moved back out of
McCallie’s: rehab into so I think, Sarah, he got Sarah to call Kathy at midnight or something, and she got over there, and he was just having uncontrolled chills and moaning. And just I talked to him, and he was lucid, but just
McCallie’s: couldn't, couldn't figure out what was happening. And then it became obvious he was having fever, and that kind of got the wheels turning so don't know anything else. But
Mel Cooper: That's the news, and if I broke hip laws, I've got lawyers in the family who can defend me. There you go!
Mel Cooper: Thank you for that. And we we recall the wonderful job he did a month ago. It was just fantastic, so I'm glad we did that before his knee surgery.
Zoom user: I'm glad you shared that. This is Franklin. I had no idea
Zoom user: he was there. You're telling me that Theresa and me.
William Pressly: Good.
Zoom user: I appreciate your saying, and I
Zoom user: I have. No. He was up
Zoom user: limping, of course, with his knee. Just yesterday we saw him.
Zoom user: I'm I'm surprised and amazed and worried.
McCallie’s: Yeah. And I I don't know the how you take care of Sarah. I know that's been a big part of the whole challenge with his getting his knee down and being in rehab, and all those kinds of things, and their kids have done a
McCallie’s: great job of supporting both of them. But now he's downtown, and she's up on the top of the mountain, and all those kinds of.
Helen: Hmm.
McCallie’s: Thing. So see what you hear as things come out, and there you go.
Mel Cooper: Okay.
Helen: Hmm.
Zoom user: Thank you. Thank you.
Marshall McCallie: Back! Called.
Zoom user: Do our duty.
Marshall McCallie: I called Spencer, and then
William Pressly: Karen answered the phone. She's with Sarah.
Marshall McCallie: Karen's taking care of Sarah.
Marshall McCallie: They were checking for septic sepsis.
Marshall McCallie: But think it's probably more likely to be flu, and I hope that's the case.
William Pressly: Let's hope it's the flu that sepsis with the knee is just terrible.
David McCallie: Yeah.
William Pressly: You know they'll they'll hand that, and it's not good.
Marshall McCallie: We're having in Chattanooga. We're having a lot of flu here in Transylvania County, the hospitals filling up with
Marshall McCallie: patience.
McCallie’s: Yeah, we've had a lot. I know Macaulay's been hit pretty hard. I take care of the Borders and Sumners, shaking his head. They've had a you know. Maybe I may be aware of 30 of the borders that had it. And that didn't talk about the day students and talk about the adult population and the Ems when they were Spencer shares last night
McCallie’s: at the 3rd call I had the they were saying, you know
McCallie’s: the hospital's kind of jammed right now, and he may go down there and just wait. And there's a lot of flu, and this that and the other. And I said, I understand. But I think he needs to go down there be seen because it's not gonna go away tonight or tomorrow. So I think
McCallie’s: I'm glad to hear that flu is on the list of possibilities, because that would make sense. But we'll see.
Ellen Cochrane: Hmm.
Mel Cooper: Well, another good reason to have these zoom zoom calls. Alright I think we're here, Marshall and Amy. Hi again say hello, but good to see y'all
Mel Cooper: so let's see, Hastings, you wanna 1st we're gonna thank Sumner for the link this time and for the it's recorded. And AI generated summary will be. And and transcript, too. Right?
Mel Cooper: So, this is really, we're doing good here and but Hastings is still our manager, and you've gotten photos from people you want to kind of update us and tell us how you think this will go.
Hastings Hart: Yeah. So we've got photos from Allison, David, Nancy Presley, Wyatt, Jane Presley, Jack and Eleanor
Hastings Hart: Allison's got quite a bunch. Most David's got 9. Most of everybody else has about 3 or 4.
Hastings Hart: So just
Hastings Hart: what? And the photos just came to me, you know, with cryptic file names. I put the name of the person who sent them in front of them, so I'll just call up the photos by person. What you'll see is
Hastings Hart: thumbnails on the left, and you can just tell me which photo you want me to bring up to the front at any given point.
Mel Cooper: Just a second before we get started on that. Is there anyone who knows at this point that you want to tell a story, even though you don't have any photos submitted.
Mel Cooper: Just a verbal story.
Mel Cooper: Okay? Well, you may be inspired to do so. So we will definitely leave time for that, and there will also be interaction with
Mel Cooper: with what goes on. So
Mel Cooper: but I will kind of keep a time. Just so we we get at least everybody who's
Mel Cooper: signed up to to speak. All right.
David McCallie: And hey things. When you get to me I can do my own presentation like you suggested. I'm I'm ready to do that with.
Hastings Hart: Great. Okay. Thank you.
David McCallie: Sharing, assuming screen sharing is turned on.
Hastings Hart: Yeah, it's everybody has the ability to share. So.
Charleigh Robinson: And I'm the opposite. I shared photos, but I don't need to speak. I was just trying to add to the you asked for wedding photos, and who was there? So that's what I sent. But I don't necessarily have a story prepared. So I'm I'm the anti volunteer, please.
Ellen Cochrane: I was just.
Ellen Cochrane: It was a wonderful wedding. It was wonderful.
Charleigh Robinson: I'm happy to talk about any of the pictures, but I love weddings, and I love taking pictures. So I sent Hastings, basically, whatever I have. So it was a great trip down Memory Lane.
William Pressly: She wants to be part of the family.
Mel Cooper: We were gonna start with you.
Charleigh Robinson: Oh, okay.
William Pressly: Okay.
Mel Cooper: Is that comfortable for you.
Charleigh Robinson: Sure I just that was the easy part.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah, okay, just go through your pictures.
Charleigh Robinson: So I sent pictures from any Macaulay wedding I had. I actually had one of my of Queenie and T. Hook that I forgot to send, but maybe Wyatt sent those. So this is Joanie and Wyatt
Charleigh Robinson: right after they got married they got married in Mom's parents home. It was a very small wedding, maybe the smallest Macaulay wedding on record. I don't know for sure. But that's Joni and Wyatt, Mom and Dad, you can talk about you. You should talk about your day, and how young you were.
McCallie’s: What year were you at.
Charleigh Robinson: Babies.
Marshall McCallie: Hmm.
Joanie's New iPad: This was. This was on November 13, th 1971.
Joanie's New iPad: So Wyatt was 27, and I was 23,
Joanie's New iPad: and we just had family members at the wedding, and then my best friend from college, who I lived with. And then my mom had a dinner, a very nice dinner at the house, for maybe there were 12 of us, or 14 of us. I can't remember exactly how many, and Tom came with Elizabeth.
Joanie's New iPad: and John came and Alex came.
Joanie's New iPad: Jim was 71. I were you in Jackson Hall, Jim? I can't remember, and Eleanor was in, were you? You were in California.
Mel Cooper: That was in California.
Joanie's New iPad: Okay, yeah. So that was pretty far for them to come. So you know we had we. We just had a lovely time, and it was very intimate. And I think that's Tom, who is the best man.
Charleigh Robinson: Yeah, Hastings, there. Ha! Has another picture of of the Macaulays that were there.
Joanie's New iPad: Okay.
Charleigh Robinson: Hastings, can you do need to do that?
Hastings Hart: And no, yeah, I'll I'll
Hastings Hart: okay. I am. I'm zoom yeah, I can't. I'm like, I don't ever do zoom. So you tell me if you
Hastings Hart: well, I can either just kind of go through these in the order they happen to come up, or if you want, you know you can. If if there's 1 you know you want, I can go to that one now.
Charleigh Robinson: The one right below go up.
Charleigh Robinson: It would just be. The next one is, who is Mom?
Joanie's New iPad: Oh, yes, yeah. I see.
Charleigh Robinson: Yes. Yeah.
Joanie's New iPad: Yep.
Sumner McCallie: But, Jim, so how did you meet Wyatt? How did you all connect.
Joanie's New iPad: Wyatt, do you want to tell the story? You want me to.
Wyatt & Joanie: Will it be significantly different? This is
Wyatt & Joanie: about time, I mean, we've got about 8 or 9 people that want to talk. So if you.
Mel Cooper: Don't worry. I will call the time.
Charleigh Robinson: I can.
Wyatt & Joanie: See if my minutes.
Charleigh Robinson: You, Dad, if you want. So I didn't.
Wyatt & Joanie: Alright, I cause I have my own.
Wyatt & Joanie: my own picture, that, and or that's important to a story. But I can get to that later. But Joni and I met at a party in
Wyatt & Joanie: Groton, Connecticut, when I was in the submarine service, and she was a co-ed at Connecticut College for women.
Wyatt & Joanie: and
Wyatt & Joanie: That was the best party I've ever ever attended, and
Wyatt & Joanie: I owe everything to it. So that's all I'm going to say. At this point.
Joanie's New iPad: So Alex, in this picture, I believe, was 12.
Joanie's New iPad: No. 11. He was 11,
Joanie's New iPad: I think, because he was born 60. Yeah, he was 11, John was.
Joanie's New iPad: how how much older is John and Alex? 6 years he was 1718, maybe.
Wyatt & Joanie: 10 years.
Joanie's New iPad: And oh, he's 10 years. Okay, so he's 21.
Joanie's New iPad: Tom is 29, and then, you know, grandmother and granddad, and why? And me.
Charleigh Robinson: And I have the champagne flutes. Now that my, that mom, that Joni's mom served at that dinner as we clean out Onion Earp's house. I now have the champagne flutes from that day. So that's how I've carried their
Charleigh Robinson: their love into our home.
Mel Cooper: Oh, that's sweet!
Charleigh Robinson: Yeah.
Wyatt & Joanie: As a side note. Alex drank champagne from those flutes at age 11 and a half.
Zoom user: Some of the birds in.
Ellen Cochrane: Next week.
Mel Cooper: Keep going.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh!
Charleigh Robinson: Right, so.
Ellen Cochrane: This is.
Charleigh Robinson: Ryan's in my wedding. So this is Denver. September 17, th 2,005,
Charleigh Robinson: and we had a pretty good Macaulay turnout. I think so. Mom's mother was from Denver. So we have a lot of family in Denver, and I think
Charleigh Robinson: the Mccauley's are used to being the most having the most family, and Mom's side was probably about equal, and all the Macaulays were shocked that another family could have so many
Charleigh Robinson: family
Charleigh Robinson: members in attendance at something, because, you know the competitive Macaulay nature. It's always, you know, the most, and we win. And I don't know that they actually had the most that we had, that the Macaulays represented the most. So they were. I laughed because when we did the 2 family pictures, they I remember the Mccauley's talking about how Mom's family had a lot of numbers as well. So yeah. So I loved that, you know so many of
Charleigh Robinson: my grandparents generation. So grandmother made it. Aunt Eleanor and Uncle Mel, you know, got her there, which was amazing. Mom's mom was also there, so I had my 2 grandmothers at my wedding, which was really special for me. To be so late in life and still have grandparents present, was a huge blessing, but also Aunt Ellen and Aunt Matt and Uncle David were there, so I was very blessed to have
Charleigh Robinson: that generation at our wedding so, and I loved my wedding there, so Hastings will scroll down. I had the best time in my wedding. I just danced all night, but so did everybody else. So there's Uncle David and Aunt Ellen and Uncle Alex.
Charleigh Robinson: Helen and Sarah.
Charleigh Robinson: And then in the next picture, that baby is Eva Louise.
Charleigh Robinson: So which is hard to
Charleigh Robinson: believe. You know that she's a 20 something in college now or 19, maybe she I yeah. So
Charleigh Robinson: so we had fun. Franklin and Teresa are in one.
Sumner McCallie: Now it's gonna happen.
Charleigh Robinson: And please.
Charleigh Robinson: So I love that everybody came. It's a blessing, you know, to celebrate the the good times together. I've
Charleigh Robinson: I've tried to instill in my kids. You just you show up for things to me that's love, you know, like love is being there. And you make the effort and you go
Charleigh Robinson: And then there's 1 of Rachel and Helen dancing.
Sumner McCallie: Allison, how did you and Brian meet.
Charleigh Robinson: So Brian and I met in Philly through Carrie, Carrie and Brian were at Penn together. In medical, you know, medical school class. They were in the same Med School class together. Brian actually saw me for the 1st time on Saint Patrick's day, but I was still in college. I had gone to Philly to visit Carrie. I was a senior in college. I was thinking about moving to Philadelphia after I had graduated, so I went out and visited her for a weekend, and we all we were at a pub
Charleigh Robinson: for Saint Patrick's day, and I was sitting in a booth by, like all the coats. I didn't really know anybody, so I wasn't mingling or interacting much. And he came. He saw me. He didn't know who I was. He asked someone who it was. They said, oh, that's Carrie's sister visiting. He figured he'd never see me again, so he did not bother even
Charleigh Robinson: interacting, cause you know he's like, what are the chances that I'll ever see this girl again? So much to his surprise, I showed up in Philly.
Ellen Cochrane: Like.
Charleigh Robinson: Later in the summer, the end of summer, after I
Charleigh Robinson: gone home to Colorado for a bit after graduation, and I moved to Philly and Carrie and I live together, and lo and behold! He realized, this girl is back, and finally, a few months later, got the nerve to ask me out for a drink. So that's how we met. It's all. It's all Carrie's fault. I blame her
Charleigh Robinson: so.
Charleigh Robinson: My last picture is just me and grandmother, which I love again. I just felt so blessed that
Charleigh Robinson: that they were there. So
Charleigh Robinson: and then this is the next one's Carrie's wedding, and again we had a good contingency of of Macaulay's present she and Alex got married.
Charleigh Robinson: in Santa Cruz in 20 in May of 2014. So that's that was them, and then the next one's Rachel and Jason's wedding.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh!
Mel Cooper: Hmm.
Charleigh Robinson: Everyone looks so young, and all these pictures so, and then Carrie and Alex again. I I love the I love when people you know, people walking down the aisle having just been married, I think just everybody's faces. There's just pure joy. And then there's me and Brian walking down the aisle. Babies, babies.
Charleigh Robinson: and then
Charleigh Robinson: we had Eleanor. So we were at Eleanor and John's wedding. They got married in DC. In 2010, I believe. October of 2010 and Eleanor had a great. So the next picture I know Aunt Ellen also made her wedding because she would have been in Winchester at that time. So got, and Elizabeth with Aunt Eleanor, and I don't know who the 2 women.
Charleigh Robinson: anybody, and Eleanor, do you know who's in the picture with you.
Mel Cooper: Don't know them.
Charleigh Robinson: Okay.
Charleigh Robinson: and then the last picture was just some of the cousins. So I just I love being able to, to, you know.
Charleigh Robinson: go support whomever in our family for the for the special memories. So those were my contributions.
Mel Cooper: My goodness.
Ellen Cochrane: Row, in.
Mel Cooper: Mild.
Mel Cooper: Hmm.
Ellen Cochrane: I just want to say quickly, Alison, when my mother died and she was out in Winchester, and it was just a small little service at the retirement home.
Ellen Cochrane: I'm wandering around in the room seeing people, and when I bumped into you I was just astounded. I, you and Charlie were together.
Charleigh Robinson: We did. We.
Ellen Cochrane: I it was just. I'll never forget that it was the loveliest thing. And it really struck me like, Oh.
Ellen Cochrane: that's really, that's really important. These family things are really important. And I just.
Charleigh Robinson: Down.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah, thank you for that.
Charleigh Robinson: You're welcome. Yeah, the celebratory ones and the sad ones. I feel like. That's you know you. You do your best to make it if you can, and cause it means something to people. So I'm glad that it meant something to you.
Helen: Oh, go ahead!
Charleigh Robinson: Coach to you. You do a great job of it, and I think you learned it from your parents.
Charleigh Robinson: I I would 100% agree, Jack. I mean we we didn't miss a Christmas from, you know, the year I was born we missed it, but didn't miss it again till I got married so, and that was 27 years.
Helen: Yeah, yeah.
Helen: I mean, Allison, one of my favorite members.
Charleigh Robinson: Ma'am.
Helen: One of my favorite memories of your wedding is when Aunt Queenie walks in in her beautiful blue, and then.
Charleigh Robinson: Your mother's mother walks in in that gorgeous red.
Helen: It was so touching to me. I will always remember that.
Charleigh Robinson: Thank you. Yeah. It was. I gave them each a bouquet. Instead of tossing my bouquet, I gave each of my grandmas a bouquet, and just talked about their legacy as matriarchs of of both sides of my family. So it was very special.
Mel Cooper: Oh, Allison, thank you so much for sharing so many.
Charleigh Robinson: Yeah.
Mel Cooper: Happy faces. Good, all right, but we will move on to the next one.
Mel Cooper: So Hastings, who's next.
Hastings Hart: Couple from Jack.
McCallie’s: So so this is a tribute to the family. So when Francis and I were engaged, the
McCallie’s: T. Hooks and Tom and Elizabeth and Melan Elner had a party at Melan Elner's house in Poolside, no less. It was French theme, I believe, and the the Waitstaff was quite unique. And there there they are! There were 3 of the wait staff. So we had a
McCallie’s: a nice evening, and and I love that that picture of help helping us celebrate Francis. You have any added comments.
Mel Cooper: I remember it well. I'm still recovering. I do, too.
McCallie’s: I I know Mel did the cooking. I'm sure I couldn't tell you what he cooked, but we
Mel Cooper: I I still have the handwritten note that I had taken to Aunt Queenie.
McCallie’s: I think we went by their house when we got engaged, and they weren't home.
McCallie’s: So we wrote him a note and just said, we're engaged and came by to tell you about it, and stuff and typical, and Queenie, some, many years later she sent it back to me as memento, which I still have. So that was just things that Aunt Queenie was very good about. She loved to keep things and give them back to you and help you remember what you'd done in your brighter times.
Helen: Oh!
Mel Cooper: But you have another one.
McCallie’s: Yeah, this is just the the the immediate family. I love the 2 Anna and and Andy in it. David, Nancy, Alan this Alan was not married yet, so I beat him to it.
McCallie’s: our
McCallie’s: family of on the side there Elnora, Morgan, Alan, and David and I would say she helped raised us raise us. She was, we called her our maid, and she was just a big part of our youth, and growing up, and lots of stories to tell. The man is Charles Ragland, and Charles was a big part of the Macaulay family.
McCallie’s: Charles worked for lots of the family.
McCallie’s: he worked. I think he worked for Aunt Ann, and maybe Uncle Park. I know he worked for Mother K.
McCallie’s: Is that just an incredible just a very nice man who did
McCallie’s: all sorts of work around our house. Mom said he was great indoor and outdoor. She could let him shine the chandelier, or mow the grass, or whatever, but he was always there on Saturdays. He told me I took care of him as a patient. I took care of his his wife, who lived to be 101 years old. Charles said he remembered when Daddy came home from the hospital as a kid.
McCallie’s: And sometime recently I found Mother Kay's
McCallie’s: will and just her notes to Daddy, her only son, about where she wanted furniture to go, and who got it, and this, that, and the other. It was her handwritten, you know. Make sure that
McCallie’s: so and so gets this, that and the other. And she said, and take care of Charles is a thousand dollars too much, or do you think 500 is more appropriate? So this is back in the sixties, and it was just a tribute of Mother K to Charles Raglan, who had been
McCallie’s: part of many of the Macaulay family over over generations. Truly generations. And I just thought that was kind of neat to see Charles, and he was. He was at our wedding, and we were glad to have him be there, and just it was. It was kind of neat, but I don't know if anybody else has memory of Charles. Aside from I know David does, but I don't know if if Helen, shaking her head so just kind of it was fun to show that part of our family.
Helen: When Grandmother Macaulay would go out of town, she would give Mother Charles's days simple.
Helen: We could have Charles then.
Zoom user: Charles was a lovely man. You have described him exactly correct.
Zoom user: All of us felt that.
Zoom user: And I was up at my mother's house when
Zoom user: Charles was doing work, had nice, quick talks with him.
Zoom user: Then he went back to work.
Zoom user: He didn't mess around. He worked.
McCallie’s: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm still on
Mel Cooper: Loose.
Mel Cooper: Absolutely.
Mel Cooper: Andrew.
McCallie’s: I'm gonna read something if I can.
McCallie’s: So I have a letter that is in my dad's handwriting.
McCallie’s: September of 1951. He's just gotten engaged to my mom, and they got married in November. So he's in Philadelphia doing his medical training. And she's in Chattanooga and
McCallie’s: So this is September. They've just gotten engaged, and they get married in November. So that gives you a sense of the timeframe. And it's a letter that he writes to
McCallie’s: my grandmother, Mrs. Lupton. mom's mom. She is a widower mom's the oldest of 3. So she's a widower. Mom's the 1st to get married. Daddy's in Philadelphia.
McCallie’s: obviously a pretty quick turnaround time. And so this is just classic. Daddy writing this letter dated Sunday, 23rd of September. That would be 1951, pardon me, trying to hand read his handwriting. It's worse than mine, dear Mrs. Lupton, for some time now I have been wanting to write you a note
McCallie’s: as a sort of follow up to our conversation last July, but since Madden and I had no definite plans until recently. I hardly knew what to say. But now, presto! So much has happened so quickly that I hardly know where to start.
McCallie’s: I think that I can bullet down.
McCallie’s: bow down, what? Down, boil down what I have to say, however, to a matter of wanting to express my very real sense of appreciation of your kindness and understanding during these past few months.
McCallie’s: I suppose that every mother has some serious doubts about any young man who pays court to her daughter.
McCallie’s: But your hospitality, sense of humor, and general understanding of my problems have made me my any.
McCallie’s: my my courting of Madden so much easier than it might have been
McCallie’s: that I can never really express my appreciation properly.
McCallie’s: And now that an engagement is about to be announced, I know good and well, that the burden on you is just beginning to be the formidable thing that it will be until the wedding is over.
Ellen Cochrane: I also realize that about the only thing that I can do is to help is to keep quiet and keep out of the way.
McCallie’s: So before. I haven't even done that very well. But I'll keep trying.
McCallie’s: Finally, I know that you are not half so interested in how much I appreciate all that you have done and will be doing for Madden and myself as you are, and what sort of a husband I'll make, Madden.
McCallie’s: I can't
McCallie’s: figure to express myself on this subject in one letter or any number of letters, but if the love, devotion, and determination to serve Madden, if those things which I feel mean what I believe into, then I know you will never have cause for concern.
McCallie’s: The Lord willing, I'm looking forward to devoting the next 40 years or so to proving this.
McCallie’s: I hope this next weekend will will give us time enough to have another talk.
McCallie’s: so I know that must be a million things to talk of. I'm delighted to hear of the party on Saturday. I talked to Mother Mother K. Briefly last night, apparently in the hubbub. I had forgotten to write her.
McCallie’s: and she, too, is quite happy about the arrangements that you've made. I fear I fear I'll be a little overwhelmed. But just the same I'm looking forward to meeting all of the Lupton clan whom I've missed so far. Lots of love. David Ps. Tell your daughter that this is the only contribution for 1662 Hillcrest. That was their address for Friday. It's 2 am. And I have no news except that I'm more in love every day, and having a great deal of
McCallie’s: trouble waiting for Friday. David.
Helen: Oh!
Mel Cooper: Oh!
Ellen Cochrane: Oh, my! Gosh!
McCallie’s: I love that that was that was great. Daddy.
Mel Cooper: That is great.
Zoom user: That's super super letter.
Zoom user: I wish I had. What written.
McCallie’s: Yeah, I never wrote those kind of letters.
McCallie’s: It feels like we need a ken Burns animation while it's go while you're reading.
Mel Cooper: Next year. Next year that'll be on the website.
McCallie’s: That's that's all for me.
McCallie’s: Oh, well, I will say how I met her she called and asked me out for a date.
Helen: Is that true.
McCallie’s: It is. I needed a date to a social event, and Alan had asked me out several times prior to that, but he was
McCallie’s: then then taken, and so she called him up to get my phone number and called me.
Zoom user: I want to add one, and I know I shouldn't. But I'm going to.
Zoom user: I don't have the letter, but I worked very hard on the letter to the brand fest, especially
Zoom user: Mr. Branfast.
Zoom user: I remember going over and over and over, sending it, and then Trista called couple days later and said.
Zoom user: my father says he received a letter
Zoom user: that is so wonderful, asking for my hand in marriage.
McCallie’s: It was unsan. Do you know who voted.
Zoom user: Could not believe I'd done.
Zoom user: Yeah.
McCallie’s: One of the few times you didn't sign it.
McCallie’s: The only thing I didn't say.
Mel Cooper: Haste. Who's next?
Hastings Hart: Hey? We got several from.
Helen: Oh!
Mel Cooper: Oh, how sweet!
Mel Cooper: I'm so sorry they're not here, Paul told me. He is giving a lecture today in Atlanta on his new book.
Mel Cooper: so they could not be here. But how beautiful that is!
Helen: Okay, what's his new book?
Mel Cooper: Oh, I can't tell you right now, but it's something we're gonna have to have a zoom just for that.
William Pressly: We were at the wedding. That's me right there. It was a beautiful.
William Pressly: a beautiful wedding. My kind of favorite photograph of the wedding actually isn't here. It was a photograph of their wedding cake.
William Pressly: and there was a picture of our son and Jane's son putting their fingers into the cake. And it was just it was really quite hysterical. but Jane looked beautiful. I don't remember being well, that's a nice picture. Okay, yeah, so that's that's obviously, mom and dad and Bill.
Helen: Yeah.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah.
Helen: I love Uncle Bill in his white coat, in that other picture.
William Pressly: White coat! What.
Helen: Yeah.
William Pressly: Oh, yeah.
McCallie’s: That's snappy.
William Pressly: Oh, he would! Dad would love to be snappy.
Mel Cooper: Yeah.
William Pressly: That's the Savannah River in in the background.
Mel Cooper: And the pictures inside are in that wonderful rectory attached.
William Pressly: Correct.
Mel Cooper: Search.
William Pressly: Right, right.
Mel Cooper: Beautiful tour of that the last time we were in Savannah with Jane.
Mel Cooper: And remember, Ellie, yeah.
William Pressly: It. It had to be reconsecrated because Sherman used that as his headquarters when he.
Mel Cooper: Yeah.
William Pressly: Hi Savannah, and brought in people there for meetings.
Mel Cooper: Does anyone know the year that they married.
William Pressly: Just can't remember. I mean, David was, I mean, maybe around 19 in the 19 eighties.
William Pressly: maybe 1980. Somehow around there, I mean, I don't think, David well, I somewhere around there, I really
William Pressly: I'm not sure.
Mel Cooper: Okay.
William Pressly: And I think they met. I I could be wrong on this, that jane
William Pressly: came to see Paul, and in his role as as headmaster at Savannah country day school to talk about her son.
William Pressly: So I think that's how it started.
William Pressly: Hmm! That's interesting.
Mel Cooper: At school. That's what I thought.
William Pressly: I mean, you know she was a widow, and had
William Pressly: lost a daughter as well in a horrible car accident.
Mel Cooper: Yes.
Ellen Cochrane: So did. Where? Where did they get married?
William Pressly: In Savannah in in this church. What's the name of the Church? Well, it's the Episcopal Church.
Ellen Cochrane: Okay, good. I some. For some reason I have a
Ellen Cochrane: I have a memory of them in a church, and it must have been somebody else's wedding, but but her son was was also there.
William Pressly: We'll have you.
Ellen Cochrane: Adult, son, so.
William Pressly: Well, that would have been later on then, because.
William Pressly: you know, in in Rob was what probably around
William Pressly: 12 or 13 when they got married. Well, there, that's Rob right there. Yeah.
Mel Cooper: I hate to move it on, but we've got we gotta go. We gotta keep moving. So I think Wyatt's next right.
William Pressly: You skipped us.
Mel Cooper: We're coming back. We just didn't.
William Pressly: I saw that.
Mel Cooper: Please at once.
William Pressly: I think there may be a good reason.
Wyatt & Joanie: We've already. The Wyatt Macaulay family has had a lot here, so I'll just jump to to. How we came to plan our wedding. I got back off Patrol in July of 1971
Wyatt & Joanie: Joni and I
Wyatt & Joanie: felt like we were engaged, but we had not announced it. I had not bought a ring. I was scheduled to start law school in 2 months.
Wyatt & Joanie: And I just come back from a patrol where for the last 2 months I was completely underwater, literally and incommunicado, not even allowed to transmit any messages, so we were a bit in turmoil when it came to planning.
Wyatt & Joanie: and
Wyatt & Joanie: I was with Joni and and her mom and dad up in Boston in early July, and Joni and I were seriously talking about. Well.
Wyatt & Joanie: what do we do for a wedding, and you know, in those days the religious difference between us was such that I don't think either of our faiths would have
Wyatt & Joanie: performed a ceremony in that faith
Wyatt & Joanie: chapel or whatever. So we just really didn't know what to do. And size was a problem the size of the wedding and stuff. So anyway, that evening Joni and I went out to eat Chinese food at China Sales Restaurant, in
Wyatt & Joanie: in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, and we had a
Wyatt & Joanie: a dinner, and we discussed all these problems, and we had absolutely no solution.
Wyatt & Joanie: and we paid the bill and the fortune cookies came, and we opened the fortune cookies, and you are seeing a photo underneath that picture of an
Wyatt & Joanie: the actual fortune cookie that came out that night.
David McCallie: Why should?
Wyatt & Joanie: Short engagement and a secret marriage. Now we didn't have a secret marriage, but we did have a short one, I mean a small one.
Wyatt & Joanie: And so that's how we did it. And I'll just conclude by saying that we wanted to set the time fairly quickly in the fall and get on with it, and and so we set it for November 13, th and people have said, Well, why would you choose the 13th for your wedding? Why not a different day like, say, November 6th or November 20, th
Wyatt & Joanie: and the answer is, the Yale bulldogs had home football games on the 6th and the 20, th but not on the 13, th
Wyatt & Joanie: and we had season tickets to all of the Yale football team games. So we decided there was no sense wasting those tickets. So we picked the 13.th
Wyatt & Joanie: Okay, the rest is history. It's been a great one.
Mel Cooper: Why, that's a riot, and I have never heard this story of the Chinese fortune Cookie, and Mel and I also went to a Chinese restaurant.
Mel Cooper: I believe it was the night of our marriage, though.
Mel Cooper: after we had left everybody and our fortune, Cookie said, you are entering a land of sunshine.
Joanie's New iPad: And
Mel Cooper: What was the other thing he just said.
Mel Cooper: Anyway, there was something else in common, too. So, anyway, thank you.
Joanie's New iPad: So I want to add a couple of things. The picture of Wyatt in his naval uniform
Joanie's New iPad: is taken in Seattle, Washington, and in the background very faintly. You can see Mount Rainier.
Joanie's New iPad: and he is on his way. This is the summer of 1970 to see Eleanor in Japan.
Mel Cooper: Oh, no, you're kidding.
Joanie's New iPad: Yeah, so he had to go. He was going you know, naval transport from one place to the next to the next, and it took him a few days to get over to Japan, because that was the era of the Vietnam war, and most of the the planes were heading to Vietnam, anyway. So that's 1 thing. The other thing is
Joanie's New iPad: one of the reasons that we pretty much knew we were going to be getting married once Wyatt came back from patrol in July of 71 is before he left on patrol in March or April, early April of 71.
Joanie's New iPad: He leaves for 2 and a half month, 3 months actually total.
Joanie's New iPad: and my lease on my apartment with my really good friend Lynn Taft, was going to expire in 1st of June before I got back.
Joanie's New iPad: so I kind of asked him if we could get married. I you know I kind of proposed to him. I said, why it? My lease runs out in the apartment. June first, st should I, renew it or not
Mel Cooper: And he looked, and he thought, and he said, I guess not.
William Pressly: Good morning, so.
Joanie's New iPad: So any. So that was, yeah, anyway.
Joanie's New iPad: yeah. So I kind of proposed to him. And and it's worked out very well.
William Pressly: Yes.
Mel Cooper: I should say.
Helen: 3.
Joanie's New iPad: So.
Mel Cooper: And when White came to Japan after on this, after this picture, he kept talking about this girl he was so in love with, he couldn't. He just could not focus on anything in Japan.
Mel Cooper: I just kept talking, and I got so sick of hearing about this girl, who I did not know. I'm glad it was Joni.
Mel Cooper: Now I think we're ready for the other Presley bill. And Nancy, yeah.
Hastings Hart: Oh!
William Pressly: I think I'm gonna start with this.
William Pressly: Oh, I can't.
Helen: You better.
William Pressly: Can we go to the the one on the wedding chapel, the 3rd one down? We'll come back to this.
William Pressly: That yeah. So we were married on
William Pressly: July 12, th 1970. And this is a private chapel. It's the Rockefeller Chapel in the Conical Hills, as you can
William Pressly: see on on the sign, and it has a
William Pressly: Chagall rose window in the back
William Pressly: and Matisse windows along the side stained glass windows, which are spectacular, and it worked very well for us, since Chagall is a Jewish artist and Matisse Christian. And so it was a union, the Union Church of the 2 faiths
William Pressly: and we had met in graduate school.
William Pressly: I was a
William Pressly: in the the we're both art history students. Or I should say, that's how we got into this chapel because we, Nancy, had done some cataloging for for
William Pressly: the David Rockefeller's collection, and so that gave us a an n and as art historians.
William Pressly: We really wanted to be someplace that that was quite beautiful, and this was a wonderful setting, but I had been 2 years in graduate school at Princeton University, and my
William Pressly: the man I came to work with. My mentor advisor left and went to Nyu to the Institute of Fine Arts, which is in the Duke Mansion.
William Pressly: 78th East
William Pressly: Street, right by 5th Avenue, on that corner, pretty much across from the Metropolitan Museum of Art. So I took classes at the Institute to finish my degree.
William Pressly: and remember I had been pretty much in all male environments for a very long times, maybe worse than well, maybe not worse than being locked up in a submarine with all those men. But
William Pressly: so I come to New York, and it was sort of like dying and going to heaven, and it's just a a whole new experience.
William Pressly: And the 1st one of the 1st courses I enrolled in was given by the the senior curator at the Museum of Modern Art, and his name was William Rubin.
William Pressly: You've got to remember this is 1969,
William Pressly: and it was back in the the bad old days, and professors then sort of would go through the female student body with impunity.
William Pressly: quite literally. And this guy was a noted rue
William Pressly: taught at Sarah Lawrence, and would go through the senior class almost every year, any rate at the Institute. In this he taught a seminar on Dada and serialism of which he was the specialist, and it was very exclusive, hard to get in.
William Pressly: so he limited it to a select few. There were 14 in the class.
William Pressly: and 12 of them were women, and they were. I was one of 2 men.
William Pressly: and the other man, who became a very close friend, was gay. So I had this
William Pressly: a very enviable position.
William Pressly: But Nancy was at enrolled at Columbia University and getting her degree there.
William Pressly: but she lived on East 78th Street and had a job at the met, so she would take courses at the Institute and then have the
William Pressly: have it transferred the credit over to to Colombia.
William Pressly: and she had taken a course the year before the Academic year before that Ruben had taught
William Pressly: a lecture course, and she got the highest grade in the class.
William Pressly: and she didn't even apply for the seminar. But again he had an eye for beauty. So he contacted her and invited her to come to the seminar, so she was one of the 12 women.
William Pressly: So there we were, and I think it was about 3 weeks into the course
William Pressly: I was in the Museum of Modern Art and Library, doing research in my paper for the course, and Nancy showed up also to to undertake
William Pressly: research for her papers, or we obviously recognized one another and started talking.
William Pressly: and we went down in the elevator
William Pressly: and went up 53rd Street and crossed over 55th Avenue, and I suggested we go to Scribner's, and this is back in the day when there were such a thing as bookstores
William Pressly: so we went up the spiral
William Pressly: staircase there in in scrimmers. And Nancy. This was also the day of of the Mini skirts, and she was wearing one very attractively.
William Pressly: and about halfway up the steps she turned around and said, you wanted to come up the steps to look up my skirt, didn't you?
William Pressly: And she mailed me, I mean she was absolutely right, but in my defense I did not enter in the elevator on the way down from the library, so
William Pressly: we. Still, I didn't do that, but she ended up inviting me to her
William Pressly: her apartment for dinner. No, no, no, no! I told you I had to go back to my apartment.
William Pressly: anyway. I turned around and looked him in. And he I just he smiled back at me, and he was so handsome I said, oh, what the heck! It was just just crazy.
William Pressly: So I want to go back to that picture. Can we go back to the 1st one. No, the 1st one
William Pressly: so mom was giving
William Pressly: was going to give a I guess the engagement party and her theme was peach of a pear
William Pressly: and
William Pressly: I was very, very arty in those days, so peach of a pear was like, huh! I mean, I just I couldn't wrap my round around what even that meant, and a friend of ours was taking photographs, and we just we couldn't smile. We couldn't do anything, so he went back to. He was in my apartment, went back and got. We kind of had us up.
William Pressly: I think it's a World war. 2 bombardiers
William Pressly: you all probably know better than I do, and that got us turned on with smiles and took the best photographs of our lives. This is one of the more tempered ones. We couldn't show you all of them. They were just fun, I mean, you know, we just we had such a good time, and then the very bottom one Hastings. They got a little out of order.
William Pressly: so you can see I was dating Sophia Lorett.
William Pressly: Oh, good!
William Pressly: There it is! So that that's after we had our good time with all of the. So that's just us. That's kind of what we look like. I had a studio apartment bill was an incredibly handsome dude.
William Pressly: and
Zoom user: Beautiful.
William Pressly: That's how we began. And you know, I think we've talked about it before, but we're both art historians, and we just we were perfectly. It's just kind of so incredible. And just sitting in that library that way together. Could you just put back the could we just see the wedding photo again.
William Pressly: Sorry that we got a little out of order there.
William Pressly: Joni. We had the kind of same issues you know. How would have you get married. My mother had this beautiful apartment overlooking the Hudson River and you know I wanted to get married there, or, quite honestly, in Central Park.
William Pressly: and of course Mom and Dad wanted something much more formal, and I suppose respectable, and we were working for the curator of Nelson Rockefeller's collection. And she said, how about this chapel, which was a non-denominational chapel?
William Pressly: And so it was really quite wonderful. It was not. It was a Christian service, but you know nothing over the top. And then at the end, Joanie, we we
William Pressly: They'll stepped on the glass, you know, so it's kind of nice that that's part of the tradition in a Jewish wedding that you do that. So you know, it was just kind of it was nice. It really worked out well, and then we went back. That was a beautiful setting back to New York. For the reception, and I wanted to before we go to the one where I forgot to. I don't. Can you see this? This is
William Pressly: is this seeable by anybody? Is there any way you can capture that.
Charleigh Robinson: Closer yep.
Helen: Catch, what.
William Pressly: Say that.
Charleigh Robinson: There you go!
William Pressly: No.
William Pressly: that's obviously me with dad. At the wedding, and it's I wish it's it's a beautiful photograph. The 2 of us look so
William Pressly: just, so incredibly happy. And it was just a very special day for me to. I lost my father, my father, a few years before, and then, you know, there, there he was, my my dad, too, with who I love with all my heart.
William Pressly: And then the last photograph is just us.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh, okay.
William Pressly: We couldn't remember when. But there we are, you know, 40 years later, or whatever. And I think we look pretty happy. The background is Chester, just outside of Liverpool.
William Pressly: We were there with friends, and it sort of has an Elizabethan feel, as you can see in the background. It's an Old Chester is the name for a Roman fort. So it goes back to the Roman times very cold day, and what I really remember was the hot chocolate and one of the cafes very nearby, and it was quite special.
William Pressly: You probably have them all whiskey, and and that's David's our son's favorite photograph of us.
Zoom user: Should be. Remember that wonderful hug she gave you, and the way she looked, no doubt about her love.
William Pressly: Yeah. Well, it's it's be our 55th this coming July 12.th So you're all invited. Have to be a very special occasion. I do want to add.
William Pressly: I don't have that many photographs from the wedding, but we had a pretty good Macaulay turnout if I recall at the wedding and am I right?
William Pressly: He doesn't remember anything. He could barely say I do so
Zoom user: Well.
William Pressly: But it was nice, you know. We had both the Presley and the Macaulay family, and it was not a big wedding, but it was very nice. It was very much a family wedding.
William Pressly: Well, Uncle David certainly was there.
William Pressly: I think a lot of people were there. So, anyway.
William Pressly: So that's our origin story.
Ellen Cochrane: Wonderful.
Hastings Hart: Let's see, Eleanor's going last. So, David, are you ready to share.
David McCallie: Sure, if I can get this to work.
David McCallie: Okay.
William Pressly: Oh, what a lovely photograph!
William Pressly: It's a beautiful photo.
David McCallie: Yeah, let's see if I can get through this.
David McCallie: It's easy. When you practice. It's hard when you do it for real
David McCallie: so I I wanted to just share with you.
David McCallie: the story of how Nancy and I met.
David McCallie: Yeah, because I I realize that some of you
David McCallie: never met. Nancy never got a chance to know what a special person she was. So
David McCallie: what I wanted to do is just sort of tell this story about us, and how we met, and.
David McCallie: you know, give you a little insight.
David McCallie: I didn't expect it to be hard to go through, so let me let me set the context of when we met.
David McCallie: It was the summer of 1980 and we were in Boston. I was in between the 4th or the 3rd and 4th year of medical school.
David McCallie: Nancy was
David McCallie: house, sitting on a beautiful house on the top of Beacon Hill, from for one of the Boston Brahmin families
David McCallie: who had was associated with a private school in Cambridge, and Nancy was there that summer doing an art program. She was. She was teaching a special art program
David McCallie: complicated reasons for how she got there. But basically she had a beautiful house on top of Beacon Hill all to herself all summer.
David McCallie: and I was studying Spanish a crash course in medical Spanish that summer, because the plan was to be that I was going to go spend a month
David McCallie: or 6 weeks in Colombia, Colombia in a rural clinic, and I didn't know any Spanish. So for the people who had signed up to do this program in this rural clinic. They gave us a
David McCallie: crash course in Spanish. It turned out we never went because the political situation had deteriorated enough that they decided it wouldn't be safe for us to go, but nonetheless I didn't know that at the time, so I was busily trying to cram Donde. No, a doctor into my head and learn some Spanish, and this was a sunny.
David McCallie: beautiful early July afternoon.
David McCallie: and I lived in Brookline, Mass. And had taken my bicycle and ridden down the Charles River to the Esplanade, which is a beautiful expanse of grass on the Boston side of the river, where people would just go and hang out on beautiful sunny days, and, you know, set up a blanket on the ground and sit in sun and read a book, and
David McCallie: I think I had actually bicycled into a church that I would go to every now and then down downtown Boston, and was on my way home from that is my best of my memory. But anyway, I was looking for a spot where I could set up and
David McCallie: relax and study my Spanish book, and
David McCallie: there was just happened to be a nice open piece of grass right next to a beautiful young woman wearing a bikini out sunning that Sunday afternoon, and I thought, well, this looks like a good spot.
Ellen Cochrane: So.
David McCallie: So I I managed to set up shop there and spread out my stuff and start reading my book, and I was not concentrating at all on the book or on Spanish, because I was trying to figure out.
David McCallie: how can I introduce myself to this person next to me and those of you who know me know that I'm introverted and nerdy and shy, and
David McCallie: the last thing on earth I knew how to do was a pickup line. So I was frantically trying to figure out something, and to my shock she stood up to leave, and I blurted out, Excuse me, do you know what time it is.
William Pressly: Okay.
David McCallie: She, you know, kind of looked and
David McCallie: looked at her watch, and told me what time it was, and she said, What are you doing. And I said, I'm studying medical Spanish, and we struck up this conversation, and we were talking, and after a while after it was comfortably sort of we had a nice little conversation going. She sort of said, You know, is your watch broken?
David McCallie: And I realized I was wearing. I was wearing a wall.
David McCallie: so I had to blurt out. What time is it? Because that was the only thing that that came to my mind? So we we had a lovely conversation, and and she invited me up to this apartment that was just a few blocks away from where we were on the esplanade, and, needless to say, we got to know each other
David McCallie: really well, and kicked off a whirlwind relationship that culminated in a marriage less than a year later.
David McCallie: So, after this sort of overwhelming introduction on the
David McCallie: to Nancy. Then, couple of days later, I get this postcard, and
David McCallie: I immediately know what's coming. But I turn. I turn the postcard over, and here's what she said.
David McCallie: and I'll let you read it, because, it's more fun to read.
Helen: It was.
David McCallie: So this was emblematic of what would prove to be one of her favorite ways. To communicate was to send me clever postcards. If you can't read it. It says Choice a is. It was 10 past 2 t ou when I met you, or choice B. I'm not going to read the Spanish with the right accent. But Aaron las dos y des cuando contre.
David McCallie: choose the best sentence, choose the sentence which, to the best of your ears, rhymes.
Ellen Cochrane: So.
David McCallie: This was how we we kicked this off, and I could have dug out a half a dozen other really clever photographs. But I'll move the story forward here. So because we don't want to run out of time. So word got back to Chattanooga somehow that I was pretty serious about this person I'd met
David McCallie: and I don't know what the story was and how it got
David McCallie: organized on the Chattanooga side, but when word got out that I was
David McCallie: going to bring her home to meet family for Christmas. This was the Christmas of 1980. When we arrived at the airport. There was a contingent of about 20 Macaulays.
David McCallie: with a welcome Brenda sign. Brenda was scratched out, and Nancy was penciled in underneath it.
David McCallie: Oh, there! Jack Franklin, Eleanor, Alec Wyatt.
David McCallie: William Liu, and John, and everyone was pretending to be a reporter. John's card there, says Channel M. Action, cam investigative reporter. I can't read the other. What the other cards say. But we get off the airplane. And there's these 20 people and guys with, you know, family with cameras and and movie cameras and everything. Here's another picture.
McCallie’s: Willie Willie was the Beijing Times.
William Pressly: That's you.
David McCallie: And here's Joni and
David McCallie: So much to my amazement, that Nancy was completely
David McCallie: cool with this, and after this sort of sort of the fun, and the excitement settles down a little bit. She walks up to every single person
David McCallie: that was there, and names them.
David McCallie: You must be Eleanor. You must be Franklin. You must be John. She went through the whole list of everybody. There.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh, wow!
David McCallie: Named them.
David McCallie: which just stunned me, and only later did I find out how she did that which was that I had given her a photograph.
David McCallie: and she had gone through and named, and this is her handwriting, and named everybody in that photograph, so that she was prepared when she got to Chattanooga to know who everybody was. So that's a probably a 19, you know, 7 late seventies Christmas photograph, and everybody is is named in her handwriting.
David McCallie: But before I finish Eleanor or Franklin, do you remember how that got organized the the meeting at the airport? Who who was behind that? I'm assuming it was one of the 2 of you.
McCallie’s: I think it came about when the Macaulay Christmas would have been the night before she arrived after Christmas, so the whole family was out at school like we always do, and the word got out that she was coming, and I think you know who put it together and made it happen. I'm sure it was probably Eleanor and Frank like said, but it was the day after Christmas that she arrived at Level Field, and that was back in the days where you could
McCallie’s: go out to the gate and meet people as they got off the airplane. So she gets off the airplane. And you know. Here she's surrounded by all these buffoons that.
Joanie's New iPad: But she
Joanie's New iPad: she was amazing. She went, played right along with it. She was not phased in the least. It it was wonderful, David, I mean she she was amazing.
Zoom user: Sure.
Mel Cooper: When we were.
Zoom user: Jump in.
Mel Cooper: Jack is right. Oh, excuse me.
Zoom user: Well, it was Eleanor. It was you who got it together, but all of us got excited. All of us made signs.
Zoom user: We were a giddy bunch when we met her out there.
Zoom user: and we were a little bit disappointed that she was not taken aback.
Mel Cooper: The inspiration, for it was the fact that none of us could pronounce her last name. We just we all kept saying, What what's her name. What's her name? So we decided to carry that over to the Brenda. We got our 1st name mixed up.
David McCallie: And.
Mel Cooper: Everybody who interviewed her. We were all acting like we were reporters. We all called her different names.
Mel Cooper: so that made it funnier that she knew our names.
Joanie's New iPad: Everyone's was funny was a lot of people in the airport.
Helen: Were, you know, kind of confused, and oh, look that you know this woman's being, you know, interviewed. Who is she?
Wyatt & Joanie: That's fine!
Helen: That's that's what I remember. Everybody was treating her like a movie star like, who who is she? Famous? Why, I don't know her well.
Wyatt & Joanie: Hey?
Wyatt & Joanie: Today.
Wyatt & Joanie: name my, my memory as to the name was that it? Basically we were calling her Brenda Ball Breaker.
Zoom user: I never said that. I never said that.
Joanie's New iPad: Dude.
Helen: Didn't Madden think this was gonna be funny, or was she a little worried?
Helen: I'm sure that she would think anything that involved social organization was good. So.
David McCallie: She was probably worried about me, and whether I was going to get the nerve to actually propose.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh!
David McCallie: Yeah, that was a legitimate worry, because
David McCallie: I'm incredibly reluctant to make commitment. That's just the way I am, and was sort of overwhelmed by this fast moving
David McCallie: Force that it hit me completely on a random Sunday afternoon. But I finally did right before the trip to Chattanooga was over, proposed to her, and she accepted and so I go.
McCallie’s: We? We remember that your brothers remember that y'all were down in the basement, and we everybody's watching their clock because you had to catch the plane, and it was like, you know, is he gonna is he gonna do this or not? He come up. He talked to Daddy and then go back downstairs. And finally, they're like getting in the car to leave to go to the airport. And it's like we're gonna get married.
David McCallie: It. It was it was a last minute decision. And so here you see another postcard from her, dated 9 January 81 or yeah, right, this would have been 81 delivered to my address in Boston, and.
William Pressly: It was 10 past 15. You asked me.
Helen: Oh!
David McCallie: Yes, sir, and here we are.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh!
David McCallie: After the ceremony on the way to the reception for a wonderful wedding reception that many of you attended from Chattanooga.
Mel Cooper: Right.
David McCallie: So
Ellen Cochrane: See.
David McCallie: Thank you for putting up with my emotions here.
McCallie’s: You speaking of the wedding, you remember? Uncle Spence was there, and Ann was there. Lots of people were there, and we sang hambone at the wedding.
Joanie's New iPad: Yep.
McCallie’s: And.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh, yeah.
McCallie’s: Led by Uncle Smith, and not to be outdone. And Nancy said this, she pulled out a pig trough, and the Bach Braider family had a tradition of dancing around the pig trough at a wedding and singing some song.
David McCallie: Right. Our brother Nate, older brother, Nate, led the dance around the pig trough. I never did find out what the origin of of that was.
David McCallie: But anyway, it was. You know. It's the universe gives you great gifts and
David McCallie: take some away, but make the most of it.
McCallie’s: Wonderful, wonderful.
Mel Cooper: Wonderful.
McCallie’s: Helen. You, Helen, you were a recipient of that same treatment, my mother, I think she used to. I think she probably set it up when you came back from
McCallie’s: one of your
McCallie’s: years away in Europe. I felt like Mom had a group show up at the airport, and Daddy was dressed up as the Statue of Liberty, and they were, they were welcoming, welcoming Helen home, and of course.
Helen: It was after the Africa trip on the truck, and mother even had
Helen: a truck from Macaulay with hay hay bales.
Helen: And yeah, Uncle par, I mean. Uncle David was Statue of Liberty, and no Uncle Sam. Aunt Madden, I think, was the Statue of Liberty.
McCallie’s: That's it. That's right.
Helen: And Daddy wore a.
McCallie’s: Indian headdress.
Helen: Freddie was there, I mean it was hysterical.
McCallie’s: And of course Helen Exum covered it, for the newspaper.
Helen: Oh, yeah.
McCallie’s: It was. It was Sunday, social, newspaper.
Helen: All of that I still have the newspaper things.
McCallie’s: I'm sure I do, too. Yeah, story about the.
Ellen Cochrane: Truck with hay bales. I don't.
Ellen Cochrane: Well, because I've been on a truck for 5 months, and so the idea was, I didn't know how to behave unless I was on the back of a truck.
Helen: But we didn't in the idea we were gonna all ride on the truck back to Macaulay, but it was so cold
Helen: we we just we couldn't do it so, and I've lost everybody. How
Helen: do I get all the pictures back.
McCallie’s: The positive sign on the image. There.
Helen: Oh, okay.
Helen: Well, no.
McCallie’s: Up at the top. Right hit Gallery view. If you.
Ellen Cochrane: Where's.
Jim McCallie: Still with you. Hill.
Helen: Okay. Thank you. Huh.
Charleigh Robinson: We can see.
Helen: You, Tanta. Don't worry all about me, Allison.
Charleigh Robinson: Well, you are, Franklin. It's always about. You are Franklin.
Helen: Allison. That's what you said at the camping trip. Remember.
Zoom user: Alison. That's right. I'm glad you remember.
McCallie’s: Is this?
Mel Cooper: Always.
Mel Cooper: Okay. Well, I shared this with y'all earlier
Mel Cooper: as a teaser to what Mel had.
Ellen Cochrane: That's on your.
Mel Cooper: This was the Valentine's card that Mel gave me
Mel Cooper: before we married, and there's a long setup to this. But
Mel Cooper: time time sparing some time here. So well, hmm!
Zoom user: Who is the old hoes.
Mel Cooper: Well, let me just set up the story a little bit, because I had just finished at University of Alabama in graduate school, and I was
Mel Cooper: heading. I was not going to stay in Chattanooga, but I came back home, and I was going to go to Duke.
Mel Cooper: and I had to send a letter over there to get a get some money. I had to get some scholarship, and I had to go, so I wanted to make a copy of the letter, went down to Macaulay school. I was staying with Mom and Dad there on Shelford Road.
Mel Cooper: went down to Macaulay School one afternoon, and Mr. James. Those of you who remember him said that I could have one copy as my heritage and my. So I went downstairs in the Colwell building to make a copy.
Mel Cooper: and Mel can pick it up from there. Well, in those long ago days the one copy machine for the whole school was just outside my office.
Mel Cooper: and it it really irritated me a lot because we there was a woman who was supposed to be the receptionist in the outer office for
Mel Cooper: those of us, Henry Hennegar and me, and others, and
Mel Cooper: Everybody stopped and talked, and it was just always interrupting things, and nobody was getting any work done. So I would.
Mel Cooper: you know. Here comes somebody else, another one of those Macaulays using the damn copy machine. But this time it was different. Well, how is it different? Well, I heard this female laugh.
Mel Cooper: and I thought.
Mel Cooper: I better go check this one out. Okay. So I got into Duke. But I didn't get any money, because Ronald Reagan had just taken over and he had canceled all the pill grants so so I couldn't go to Duke. So I said, Okay, I'll stay in Chattanooga. And I went up to Spencer and said, Hey, Spencer, I think I'm going to stay in Chattanooga, and I'd like to get into development.
Mel Cooper: What do you recommend? He said. Oh, I recommend you go right back downstairs and talk to Mel Cooper. He's the best in the city. So I did, went back downstairs and talked to Mel Cooper. And what did he say? I said, Let's go have Chinese food. We went out to dinner. That was the beginning of our Chinese food. Okay, so time goes by a little bit, and
Mel Cooper: you know we had the usual ups and downs and offs and ons, and scared and committed, and afraid, and in love, and not in love, and all that. So by Valentine's things weren't going too well. They kind of slowed down, and there was going to be a ballet at downtown at the Tivoli, and so I decided I'd invite Mel to go to the ballet.
Mel Cooper: so I invited them and my mother, who I was living with my parents, they said, Oh, well, mother said, why don't you invite him over for dinner before the ballet.
Mel Cooper: So I did, and if you remember, Queenie.
Mel Cooper: there were hearts everywhere. There were hearts all over the table in the front door, in the dessert, and as we left to go to the ballet she said, Well, why don't you come back after the ballet? I'll have pecan tarts ready for you. And this was Wednesday night, and that's when she fixed them for the church social. So so we came back after the ballet, and
Mel Cooper: there were in the kitchen. Mother had
Mel Cooper: 2 pecan tarts on crystal plates with a silver fork and a folded linen napkin, and
Mel Cooper: and Mel looked at that, and he said.
Mel Cooper: do you know how to make these? And I said, I've got the recipe, and that was it. But you did make them. Yes, he bought me not too long ago about a thousand of the little tins that.
Joanie's New iPad: No good.
Mel Cooper: Queenie. Would Queenie would reuse the tens till they were just crumple
Mel Cooper: aluminum foil, you know, and and Eleanor was doing the same thing as this is ridiculous, you couldn't find them in the grocery store. So I ordered them online. We still have plenty left.
Mel Cooper: Okay, so this was the card he gave me that valentine. So yeah.
Mel Cooper: Hastings, let's see the inside. Yeah.
Mel Cooper: it's it's not necessarily the message, though
Mel Cooper: you're not like all the others that did make me laugh. It was the love, Mel that really won my heart, I thought, oh, that's different. That's not like all the others. So in a few more months after this we were married, and so we'll go to the next picture, and many, many of you.
William Pressly: Love you.
Joanie's New iPad: Yeah.
Mel Cooper: Now
Mel Cooper: to explain why these photographs are behind us, these paintings. This reception was held in the undercroft of Grace Episcopal Church, and they had just had an art show and had not taken them down. So
Mel Cooper: we really had such a big group that that's we sat on the stage set and stood on the stage, and you know I didn't. This picture was taken in 2 parts, and Jim just put it together for me this week, so I haven't even seen it as a whole.
Mel Cooper: But I think
Mel Cooper: you'll see lots of people there. Uncle Bob had just died, that's maybe a year before, but other than that all our aunts and uncles are there.
Mel Cooper: and Mrs. Frazier, on the far left.
Joanie's New iPad: Sure.
Mel Cooper: Let's see, Becky, on the far right has her arm in a sling. Can anybody remember why.
McCallie’s: She, and Freddie and Becky's boyfriend, or
McCallie’s: we're coming in from Charlottesville for the wedding, and they're driving in Freddie's big truck and had a wreck in Knoxville.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh!
McCallie’s: That afternoon of or whatever, and Becky broke her arm, and but I don't think anybody else was hurt. It was a big big truck, and but that was that day, I think, even. But it was. It was tragedy.
Joanie's New iPad: Could have been, and Freddie's in the middle, in the back row next to Tom, right above Uncle David.
Joanie's New iPad: Yep.
Mel Cooper: And Nancy is in this picture, so that proves David got married before we did. But David is not in it.
Helen: Good.
Ellen Cochrane: Standing behind Alan.
Ellen Cochrane: Is that K.
Mel Cooper: Yeah, yeah.
William Pressly: Oh!
Helen: Kay, and.
Ellen Cochrane: But next to her.
Helen: And your older sister.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah, but I don't see my mother, and I don't see me.
Ellen Cochrane: I don't think I was there.
Mel Cooper: All right. Was your mother in Germany?
Ellen Cochrane: Oh, could have been.
Mel Cooper: And then so you were you. Could you have been with her.
Helen: No, I wasn't. No.
Helen: Why isn't Jim in here? Because Jim flew back from Vienna. I was still in Vienna, but Jim.
Joanie's New iPad: Hey? Isn't Jim? Next to Franklin.
Helen: Far left.
Helen: Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Helen: The day of the wedding, my friends in Vienna all took me out because they were afraid I was going to be so sad.
Helen: knowing I was missing this wedding.
Joanie's New iPad: Oh!
Helen: And I didn't know why they were all doing around, and we had a great day. And then they said, Well, did you get through the day. All right.
Mel Cooper: Oh, oh, okay, Ellen.
Mel Cooper: Well, you see down the bottom Carrie and Keith.
Mel Cooper: Oh.
William Pressly: Okay.
Joanie's New iPad: Yup!
Mel Cooper: And they were my brides flower girls. They they were all in the wedding.
Joanie's New iPad: Yeah.
Charleigh Robinson: We we besides Uncle Tom and my parents? Obviously we were at all of our other aunts and uncles weddings. We were present, and.
Ellen Cochrane: And it's.
Mel Cooper: Great, Allison.
Charleigh Robinson: Yeah. Well, I want to allow a little time for anybody who has been inspired and hasn't had a chance to talk.
Mel Cooper: Please. We have a little time, and I want to hear
Mel Cooper: anything that's come up. Anything that's on your mind.
Tom 4: No.
Tom McCallie: Thing is that card that Mel gave you with the snake.
Tom McCallie: This is the year of the snake, and it's the Xi jinping is outlawed green snakes.
Tom McCallie: snakes in China. So just want you to know what's wrong with green shakes.
Tom McCallie: Oh, the green in Chinese are a combination of the letters that make Xi jinping.
Mel Cooper: Hey!
Tom McCallie: And then the other one is within the context of their culture.
Tom McCallie: Something bad happens to you in the year of whatever you were born in, so he's very worried. He's had to
Tom McCallie: strokes this year.
Mel Cooper: Well, it is the year of the wood snake. They they make it
Mel Cooper: a big deal, saying the wood snake.
Mel Cooper: which has been a great blessing.
Tom McCallie: Green.
Ellen Cochrane: I've never heard of a wood snake. Is that really? Is that true, Eleanor? It's the year of the wood snake.
Mel Cooper: Right.
Tom McCallie: No, it's the year of the Snake period.
Zoom user: Are Becky and Megan still on? If they are, I'd love for them to share.
Mel Cooper: Well, I don't think they could wait all this.
Mel Cooper: I had talked to them earlier, and they they
Mel Cooper: at the beginning of today. I I was looking at them when I said, Does anyone else want to present? And they did not. They did not nod their head, so
Mel Cooper: I think they they knew they couldn't stay, or something.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh!
Wyatt & Joanie: Eleanor. I had a comment about the family's history of tormenting the new people that are coming into the family to get married.
Wyatt & Joanie: and the story that I heard that started. It all involved Aunt Mary.
Wyatt & Joanie: and and when she brought Uncle Bob Ware home for the 1st time.
Wyatt & Joanie: and I don't know if others have heard that. But basically the family actually contacted Bob in advance and said.
Wyatt & Joanie: We are going to
Wyatt & Joanie: be kind of crazy when you get here. And so they were, and apparently I mean, like at the dinner table, one of them would say, Pass me a biscuit, and somebody would pick up a biscuit and throw it across the table. So they were. They were just doing awful things.
Wyatt & Joanie: and eventually I heard that Aunt Mary broke down in tears, and they had to tell her this was all a joke on her or whatever, but that that idea of
Wyatt & Joanie: of having the big kind of odd reception apparently goes way way back.
Ellen Cochrane: You know why, I I remember my mother telling me a story, and I didn't know whether it was. I thought it was what what the family did
Ellen Cochrane: to my father when she brought him home. But it may have been she may have just combined the 2 stories, but that but the end of it was that
Ellen Cochrane: grandfather was
Ellen Cochrane: was laughing, and and I guess Grandmother Kay was was chastising him, so he crawls under the he says, well, I'm in the doghouse now, and he crawls under the table.
Ellen Cochrane: so I'm sure he got out at some point. But yeah, I just mothers.
Ellen Cochrane: Mother's stories were.
Helen: And, Wyatt, you're exactly right about the throwing the rolls and stuff.
Wyatt & Joanie: And I think when they picked him up at the train station or wherever he came in, they had hay seeds in their teeth, you know they were all they, you know they they look like hay seeds, and whatever they they were awful so awful that Aunt Mary broke into tears eventually, and.
Ellen Cochrane: I can't imagine.
Mel Cooper: So, Tom, the moral of that story is, don't bring anyone here.
Ellen Cochrane: Yeah, just.
Charleigh Robinson: I love you are on this call. Have you been inspired.
Tom 4: Have I inspired? What? To get married?
Charleigh Robinson: Inspired.
Tom 4: Yeah. Inspired to get married, I assume. Right?
Charleigh Robinson: To never get married.
Tom 4: No, no, no, no, I would. I would say not never get married. But yeah, something.
Tom 4: because I guess there's some some examples of getting engaged, and then, 2 months later, getting married. That I feel like is very rare. I mean, that's like very fast. But I think there's a few examples where you got at least married within a year of either knowing each other or
Tom 4: game proposed. So I feel like that that feel like that.
Tom 4: Interesting. I mean, it's always like very quick. That's pretty cool.
William Pressly: We were.
Tom 4: So like how quickly to do it.
William Pressly: We were married within 9 months. So, yeah, yeah.
Helen: Who said that, who just said that?
William Pressly: Nancy.
Helen: I don't know.
William Pressly: And Bill did forget to ask my mother if he could marry me.
William Pressly: You, too.
Jim McCallie: I think, Tom, your your parents were married within, I think, 6 months. Well, she moved to the States in February, and we got married in June of 89,
Jim McCallie: so things can happen if you meet the right person.
Helen: Tell them how you all met.
Jim McCallie: No, that's not good, but I will say I'll tell you a funny story if you don't mind, and it involves Jack Mccauley. I'm sure, when Martina and I think we were already married, and we came to our 1st Christmas, and it was at Macaulay school, and we're all sitting, you know, at those long tables.
Jim McCallie: and we're just talking about like
Jim McCallie: there's a age gap, I think most people know between Martina and me that's larger than normal, let's say, and it's not 3 or 4 years. It's not 5 years. It's a little bit longer than that. And I I think Jack and Alan were asking questions. And, Jack, do you remember what I'm gonna go? Say, at all?
Jim McCallie: Okay? Well.
McCallie’s: I can't. I can't defend myself yet.
Jim McCallie: I can't believe you can't remember this. It's like, because of the age gap or something. Is it like what you want to tell her. Well, you might mess it up.
Jim McCallie: I I don't know, I I guess. Jack. This was my very 1st Christmas in Chattanooga, and it was pretty scary. I have to say but Jack was kinda he kinda smooth, smoothed it out for me. He was really easy to talk to, and I don't know. He was just asking us a lot of questions, and like how we met, and this and that, and the other, and I don't know exactly what he asked, but my reply was.
Jim McCallie: well, but a time I was in kindergarten. That's when you saw me first, st or something like that, something like like what took so long. Obviously, we can't get story straight, but it's what took so long for you to, you know. Do whatever. And and Jack says, well, he had to wait till she got out of diapers.
Jim McCallie: You didn't say that, but anyway, I didn't scare you off.
Mel Cooper: How old were you, Martina, when y'all got married?
Jim McCallie: I just turned 22.
Mel Cooper: Well, you were not the youngest. Would anybody here like to volunteer your age when you got married
Mel Cooper: younger than Martina?
Mel Cooper: I'm looking at, you know Marshall and Amy got married.
Helen: Oh, yeah.
Jim McCallie: Marshall was a sophomore. I'm not sure.
Marshall McCallie: I.
Zoom user: Motion.
Marshall McCallie: Dad said I was 19 when we got engaged.
Jim McCallie: My dad said, you are not mature enough.
Marshall McCallie: And I said, Yes, but Amy's a year older. We'll be fine.
Jim McCallie: Well.
Marshall McCallie: I'm there it is gonna sound, Corny.
Zoom user: Get married.
Marshall McCallie: We actually, we actually courted on a bicycle built for.
Ellen Cochrane: Oh!
Marshall McCallie: I met Amy the 1st day I went to Vanderbilt.
Marshall McCallie: He was a year ahead of me, and I
Marshall McCallie: realized this was the really the right person.
Marshall McCallie: Neither one of us had any money.
Marshall McCallie: but we enjoyed going out together, and so we walked up to a Western auto shop.
Marshall McCallie: and they had a tandem bicycle for $90.
Marshall McCallie: That's 60 years ago. It was a lot. We put our money together and bought that 10 bicycle, and that sealed it.
Ellen Cochrane: And.
William Pressly: We're glad.
Ellen Cochrane: Well.
Zoom user: Marshall.
Marshall McCallie: Isn't a good sport to go all over the Africa and the Middle East.
Mel Cooper: Absolutely.
Zoom user: Morning, Marshall.
Zoom user: As I remember, however, you were going to get married. I think one spring
Zoom user: there was a mother and Dad were worried, or something.
Zoom user: some of us suggested. Why don't you take
Zoom user: that trip? Do you want to go to Europe right now?
Zoom user: It put it off at least a year, did it not.
Marshall McCallie: Yeah, I think I think they thought maybe
Marshall McCallie: maybe if we had that 6 month separation we would have time to examine it and think about it, and we did, and it just still looked as good as it did beforehand. So we got married when I got back from France.
Marshall McCallie: and originally, Dad said.
Marshall McCallie: you guys are too young. I don't think we can come out to the wedding in Oklahoma City. Dad had checked us out very well. He had gotten come to Oklahoma City to visit my parents.
Marshall McCallie: and they took him, too, our church.
Marshall McCallie: and had an appointment with Pastor Gary.
Helen: Can't hear her.
Marshall McCallie: It was lovely.
Marshall McCallie: he, he! We had known him earlier when we lived in Oklahoma City, and then we knew him again.
Marshall McCallie: and he talked with your dad and
Marshall McCallie: that that helped immensely, I think.
Marshall McCallie: well, we did have the wedding on the 25th of August, 24th of August in Oklahoma City.
Marshall McCallie: and mother and Dad and and Franklin, Teresa and Spencer and Sarah all drove out which we appreciated.
Marshall McCallie: And Helen, thank you.
Helen: And John.
Marshall McCallie: I don't know how you all fit in the same car.
Helen: No, we had 2 cars, and Franklin and Teresa and Spencer and Sarah, as couples always were in different cars.
Helen: because they had children, small children.
Helen: and so if there was a wreck, they didn't want both parents.
Ellen Cochrane: And then
Marshall McCallie: The wedding was supposed to be about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and the whole family.
Marshall McCallie: other than Amy's parents, and Amy and I went off to the Oklahoma Zoo.
Marshall McCallie: and as the organist started playing at about 10 till 2, the
Marshall McCallie: the groom's side was still empty.
Helen: And about 2 min till 2 the groom's side was still empty.
Marshall McCallie: And we found out later.
Marshall McCallie: They all came in just about 2 min after 2. We found out later. Franklin, you can
Marshall McCallie: correct me on this Franklin and the lion at the Oklahoma Zoo had had quite a conversation.
Marshall McCallie: and they really had a hard time breaking away.
Marshall McCallie: Is that true?
Zoom user: It was a. It was a tiger. It was a huge tiger in the Oklahoma Zoo.
Zoom user: and it was at the back of the cage.
Zoom user: and, thank goodness, there were 2 2 fences.
Zoom user: one in front of the other. There was a fence in front of the cage.
Zoom user: I've forgotten who got got enthralled with that tiger.
Helen: You did.
Zoom user: But well, I know that, Tanta, but I wasn't gonna tell him.
Zoom user: But anyway, so I got enthralled with the tiger.
Zoom user: and I was making faces at the tiger, and there were little people around making fun. And all of a sudden
Zoom user: that Tiger sprang from 10 or 12 feet back in the cage to the bar and scared the
Zoom user: out of all of us.
Zoom user: Iran, I mean everybody there ran now there are 2 barred fences there.
Zoom user: and we all ran like it was coming out.
Zoom user: It was so. That's what took us so long before we got to the wedding.
McCallie’s: Yeah.
Zoom user: Were talking to a tiger Marshal.
Marshall McCallie: Alright, there's an there is an interesting family part of this.
Marshall McCallie: All our family, or much of our family, have been involved in education.
Marshall McCallie: and I think they were very much surprised when they started talking to Amy's mother
Marshall McCallie: and father to realize that his father had been superintendent of schools in Oklahoma City.
Marshall McCallie: and we were hosted to dinner
Marshall McCallie: by Amy's uncle, who was a college president of the Oklahoma Women's College.
Marshall McCallie: So I think they found that there was very much more in common than they had originally expected.
Marshall McCallie: There was one aspect, though, that was funny, because I think we may have misled by the day.
Marshall McCallie: Okay?
Marshall McCallie: Well, oh, I don't think we're if it's a bit not reception. Yeah, no, we hadn't misled them.
Marshall McCallie: We had been.
Marshall McCallie: I had been unaware because I had only
Marshall McCallie: Marshall and I had visited. He had come to Oklahoma City.
Marshall McCallie: I had,
Marshall McCallie: While he was in France. I had gone for Helen's graduation to Chattanooga.
McCallie’s: And admit.
Marshall McCallie: And had gone Christmas before graduation and met a large number of of family. This is typical of huge
Marshall McCallie: there, and the same thing for her graduation.
Marshall McCallie: And then we
Marshall McCallie: We had the ceremony.
Marshall McCallie: Yeah, since it was in Oklahoma City, and a long way from Chattanooga. And
Marshall McCallie: Vanderbilt was starting very soon after that, like 3 days after, was orientation for undergraduates, and
Marshall McCallie: so we had to get back, and that
Marshall McCallie: night, after the well afternoon after the ceremony.
Marshall McCallie: We went back to the house, and mother and Dad had a reception, and then
Marshall McCallie: they were all going to stay and have dinner, and we were getting in the car and coming because we had to make it halfway back to Chattanooga, Oklahoma City. It was
Marshall McCallie: slower then than it wasn't, and
Marshall McCallie: Mother had asked me several questions
Marshall McCallie: about what people like to eat and what what they're getting wrong.
Marshall McCallie: and she was had was thinking of ordering champagne and having something else there.
Marshall McCallie: and I said, You know, she said, Well, will they do that? And I said, You know I've I've not ever seen any of them drink.
Marshall McCallie: and I'm I'm I'm pretty sure, from what I've heard, that they don't really do that much.
Marshall McCallie: So yes, have a you know, have a bottle or 2, but then have of
Marshall McCallie: soft drinks or other things.
Marshall McCallie: And so so she did, and
Marshall McCallie: When everybody got there we were having walking around sort of a reception. Before we left
Marshall McCallie: we had said to the people that were going to carry a tray around.
Marshall McCallie: put the alcoholic drinks back on this side because you won't have many takers, and it'll make it easier for people
Marshall McCallie: to pick up their soft drink on that side.
Marshall McCallie: And we started recent some giggles from the people that were helping past the drinks and
Marshall McCallie: Then we didn't really know what that was about. The next morning when we called.
Marshall McCallie: No, I think we had stopped in China. I don't know where we stopped. We called mother and Dad to say Thank you very much for the wedding, for the reception, or on our way halfway there.
Marshall McCallie: and she said, I have have one question to ask.
Marshall McCallie: We ran out of alcohol, she said. Everybody who
Marshall McCallie: that came up, they would say, No, no! What's in these glasses?
Marshall McCallie: And people would say, the server would say, this is water or sprite, or whatever.
Marshall McCallie: and their hand would work around to the back. And so the champagne went really, really quickly, and
Marshall McCallie: was was totally empty. Well, before the reception part it was over, which was fine. I just hadn't been around people enough to know didn't think to ask Marshall.
Helen: Grandmother Scanlan. She drank it all.
Marshall McCallie: No, no, it wasn't no, we just we just people here that did, but that's all.
Marshall McCallie: No it was fun.
Marshall McCallie: I still remember, though early on in our courtship, riding down to
Marshall McCallie: to the center of Nashville on that bicycle for 2 to listen to. Linda Johnson. Give a campaign speech.
Marshall McCallie: Well, that gives you a sense of the how long ago it was we got married in 1965.
Mel Cooper: 1965 wow.
Marshall McCallie: Eleanor, thank you for doing this, getting us all together.
Mel Cooper: Well, these were great stories, and just a ton of fun
Mel Cooper: next time is going to be also a lot of fun. We're going to talk about our parents, and
Mel Cooper: that what they call the greatest generation. And photos are welcome, and you don't have to talk just about your your own parents. You might want to talk about your aunt and uncle. There's also good stories that way. So and just anything goes just
Mel Cooper: funny pictures, funny comments, serious stories, you know, or what you what you remember and what you appreciate. So I think we'll have a really great time with that. So look forward to seeing you then. But remember, it's gonna be March 23.rd I did change that date from the original because because of Spence, I mean Sumner's availability with the with the link. So
Mel Cooper: march 23.rd I'll see you then.
Mel Cooper: But thank you all.
Ellen Cochrane: Tom. Tom should have take notes from this, and hopefully you'll be taking photographs when you do propose.
Tom 4: Yeah, I just had 1 1 question before we all left, who who knew each other the longest before getting married.
Helen: And Teresa.
Zoom user: I met her. I met her on a on a
Zoom user: a church bus going up to Big Ridge State Park for a camp 7th grade.
Zoom user: I looked across. We got up there. I looked across the
Zoom user: little prayer group, a prayer group no less. All this. What I thought was a beautiful girl
Zoom user: fell in love said I was gonna marry her.
Zoom user: and I don't know. 15 years later.
Ellen Cochrane: That's it.
Mel Cooper: Okay, anyone have something less than 15 years and but more.
Charleigh Robinson: Well, Tom, you feel like you have a little more time.
Tom 4: That was super helpful. No, I feel like that doesn't count because they they knew each other such at such a early age. It's
Tom 4: It's a little.
Tom 4: It's sweeter, you know. It's sweeter. It's different.
Helen: Thank you, Eleanor, and.
Mel Cooper: It looks like this is a pretty pretty quick group.
Ellen Cochrane: That was wonderful. Thank you, Eleanor. Thank you. Everybody.
Helen: Tastings, and.
Joanie's New iPad: Sure. Thank you.
Jim McCallie: Thanks.
William Pressly: Aaron Hastings Hastings, do you have a new haircut?
Hastings Hart: Do? I.
William Pressly: Yeah.
Hastings Hart: It's not. It's about a month old, I guess.
William Pressly: Yeah, it's a good haircut I love. What? Looking at.
Hastings Hart: Thank you.
Ellen Cochrane: He's handsome, no matter what he does.
Zoom user: Okay.
William Pressly: Looks cute, regardless, right.
Ellen Cochrane: But I have a question for and and Sumner did. Did you all send out a recording from the last meeting?
Ellen Cochrane: I I didn't. I couldn't find it. I kept waiting to get the recording, and and I couldn't find it. And I really, Spencer, talked about all these family names that I've heard.
Ellen Cochrane: you know, but I didn't have. I didn't have faces, and I didn't have really a context.
Hastings Hart: Yeah. Thanks.
Ellen Cochrane: So
Hastings Hart: David has stitched that together, I believe right.
David McCallie: Yeah, I I can send out a link to the recording. We we had to piece 2 of them together so.
David McCallie: and we have a transcript that Doug and Spencer are in the process of
David McCallie: editing. So at some point we'll actually have the written
David McCallie: representation. But there were some transcription errors that they were gonna correct. But I can. I can put a link out to the video itself, which is.
Ellen Cochrane: Excellent.
David McCallie: Just the screen with all the faces, but you can hear it all.
Charleigh Robinson: Great that would be, that would be.
David McCallie: Great.
William Pressly: And could could you keep us a prize to test Spencer's doing somebody.
Mel Cooper: Yeah. Who will? Who will do that?
McCallie’s: I I just got a text from Ellis saying that Douglas was with him, and I texted Douglas to see if he would give me an update. But I didn't get a response. So let me I will encourage that family. That'll be. Let me let them do that, but I'll mention it to them just it's not my not my role, but
McCallie’s: and and Helen or Franklin, maybe. Let me. Maybe let me ask you all to make sure that Kathy or Douglas just keeps us posted.
Helen: Okay, I'll text Kathy. Now.
McCallie’s: She's she's at home asleep, says Ellis. So oh, and
McCallie’s: and Douglas is at the hospital. So that's what Doug Ellis just texted me that. And I texted Doug to give me an update. But I didn't get a response yet. So that's the where we are.
Mel Cooper: Okay. Thank you.
Joanie's New iPad: Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
Joanie's New iPad: Bye.
Hastings Hart: Bye, bye.
Jim McCallie: Bye, everybody!
Jim McCallie: He's gone.
William Pressly: Bye, bye.
Jim McCallie: Bye.
Mel Cooper: For coming, come.
Tom 4: Thank you. No, that's great. I'm glad I made it.
Mel Cooper: Good, good! You're the best.
Zoom user: Bye-bye.
Tom 4: Bye-bye.
Zoom user: I guess Spencer.
Tom 4: Final 4.